I think you need to talk a little bit about three samadis. I think you all know. I will talk again.
Three samadis, like we practiced in the meditation, particularly kind of highlight the teaching of
visualization, visualize the deity.
So that deity or that Buddha came from these three samadis.
And the first samadhi is the sakinesa samadhi.
All the Ashutosh can be the true nature of samadhi.
Samadhi means meditation, all the absorbance there is. So meditating on the true nature.
Second meditation is kaladhi samadhi, kaladhi samadhi. Third is siddhisa, siddhisa syllable samadhi
or siddhisamadhi.
So now how that works. Now deity when we visualize the deity or the Buddha when we visualize it is
totally in light place.
So therefore it comes that the Buddha is emanated from the origin state of nature.
And that is of course the nature of our own mind that is not deluded by what we are talking today,
or you all know, the duality.
So it is not deluded by duality. So first it is relaxing our mind in that natural sense.
Or, if I say use the joking word, rupasthas. Relax in the rupa, rupasthas.
And the rupa is the full of vitality and the kaladhi.
That is time kaladhi, so that is sakinesa samadhi.
Second is samadhi is then the kaladhi.
Kaladhi in this time is the compassion. So power of compassion arises from that nature, from the
nature of the mind.
It is arising just unceasingly provided to all the directions, everywhere that the morning sun
shines.
All that is like disability and that compassion is arising.
And after that is the second samadhi, kaladhi samadhi or kaladhi meditation.
And the third one is siddhi samadhi.
Siddhi samadhi or siddhi meditation, that is now, for example, the Vaidyarvani is home syllables, s
iddhi syllables.
That siddhi syllable is no other than one's own nature of the mind, not the form of the home syll
ables.
What that home syllable is, is union of the emptiness and clarity.
On the other hand, also in the teaching said, union of the wisdom and compassion, of the old nature
of your own mind,
which is not deluded by the duality, that appeared as home syllables.
Home syllable is now from that, then all the display of the Vaidyarvani arise, including Vaidyarv
ani's form and all that arise.
So it is therefore, it is Vaidyarvani's form, or it is the magical display of our own nature of the
mind.
It is not something that we are really, Vaidyarvani has extended some parts of trying to be nice.
That s not our own old nature, and my nature of the mind is so flexible.
We are talking naturally, it just, I mean everything.
So this time, my own nature of the mind, a Vaid, home syllable, this is the essence of that.
From that, all the pure land, all the elements, all the retinas, all everything came from that.
But all that big retinas, all that nature, all those displays, is nature is wisdom and compassion,
all nature is emptiness, and nature is compassion, union, you know that.
That is the seed samadhi. From that, then arising, from that seed, kind of asks for me,
of course, suddenly, but instantly, then, your self becomes as Vaidyarvani.
As accidental, wisdom, random body of love and compassion, wisdom as not substantial, solid
existence,
is all display of the wisdom. So that is the three samadhis,
and I remind it to you, and you, we heard so many times, times, I didn t know that.
Okay, thank you very much. Thank you.